block-attributes: Add `role` attribute explanation (#70361)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/reference-guides/block-api/block-attributes.md

	}
}
```

## Role

The `role` property designates an attribute as being of a particular conceptual type. This property can be applied to any attribute to provide semantic meaning about how the attribute should be handled.

> Use `content` to designate the attribute as user-editable content. Blocks with attributes marked as `content` may be enabled for privileged editing in special circumstances such as partially synced Patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `content` to designate the attribute as user-editable content. Blocks with attributes marked as `content` may be enabled for privileged editing in special circumstances such as content only locking.
```

I'd not use the partially synced patterns example because right now that feature is not extensible...
